Add section about opting out of extensions (#7361)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/devcontainers/containers.md

![Add to devcontainer.json menu](images/containers/containers-addto-devcontainer.png)

### Opt out of extensions

> If a base image or feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your Dev Container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign,e.g.:

Reviewer: Following the guidelines we created in https://github.com/devcontainers/spec/blob/main/contributing.md#formatting-guidelines!

> If a base image or feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your Dev Container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign,e.g.:

Reviewer 2: @bamurtaugh is there a reason why we deviate from the general rule for casing for Features, where we don't start with a capital letter when talking about a specific instance? The same way it applies for "your dev container".

> If a base image or feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your Dev Container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign,e.g.:

Reviewer: Yeah in retrospect I think we could've capitalized both, but I think our thinking was that "features" is such a generic term that could describe a feature of anything, so capitalizing it was more of a priority to make it clearer it's our dev container Features. I realize we could probably use similar logic for dev containers as a concept too, but we'd need to do an entire other edit pass of all our repos, websites, and docs (which we did last year to follow the style guidelines linked above). I say if it's okay with you, let's stick with the linked dev container style guidelines as it's consistent across all our resources atm, and we can certainly keep this update in mind.

> If a base image or feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your Dev Container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign,e.g.:

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying, makes sense. Our general guidance, not only dev containers, is to not capitalize when talking about instances. So, I'd prefer we not update dev containers. I'm fine with keeping it for Features, especially for clarity and consistency.

> If a base image or Feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your dev container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign, e.g.:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a base image or Feature configures an extension that you do not want installed in your dev container, you can opt out by listing the extension with a minus sign. For example:
```
